The topic for this project is California wildfires. My team and I will find data in regards to California wildfires from years 2013 to 2020. With this data, my team will be able to predict when will the next wildfires occur in California for year 2021.

For this project, the dashboard will be built by using two tools: Pandas and GitHub. Pandas will be the tool used for data cleaning. GitHub is a tool for saving our work as we develop the project. GitHub will keep track of our work over time. Using these two tools will improve teammates communication while working on this project to complete the dashboard in a timely manner.  

The database for this project will be: Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD), Postgres, and Tableau . An ERD is used for this project for my team and I while working on the data to visually organize the database design of the project, and to provide the expected outcome of the database table. Additionally, improving the communication and relationships between the flow of the data presented. Postgres will be used as  a storage for the CSV files used throughout this project. Tableau will be used for presenting a story to viewers with visual aides to improve the understanding of data presented. 

Data sources used to find data for this project is Kaggle.com, Data.gov, climate.gov, and weather.gov. In regards to teams, Chloe Hooton will take on the Square role. Kaitlin Rockway, Merin Anto, and I will switch roles each week between the Circle role, Triangle role, and X role to have a fair amount of work for all three of us to complete throughout this project. 
